d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\bin\Debug\CalendarV2.exe
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\bin\Debug\CalendarV2.pdb
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\bin\Debug\resources.pri
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\bin\Debug\CalendarV2.build.appxrecipe
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\Calendar.g.i.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\Calendar.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\App.xaml
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\Calendar.xaml
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\CalendarV2.exe
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\CalendarV2.pdb
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\CalendarButton.g.i.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\CalendarButton.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\CalendarButton.xaml
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\Timetable.g.i.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\Timetable.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CalendarV2\CalendarV2\obj\Debug\Timetable.xaml
